chore: update page titles to "Clerk _Name_ SDK" for sdk reference overviews (#1789)
clerk/clerk-docs: docs/references/chrome-extension/overview.mdx

---
title: Clerk Chrome Extension SDK 

> description: Learn how to integrate Clerk into your Chrome Extension

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: Learn how to use Clerk to quickly and easily add secure authentication and user management to your Chrome Extension.
```
